Internal docs (#1638)
coalton-lang/coalton: docs/internals/internals.md

### Coalton-Lisp type correspondence

File: `src/typechecker/lisp-type.lisp`

The function `lisp-type` provides the Lisp type representation of a Coalton type. Special handling of `LispArray` and `Complex` happen here.

### AST traversal

File: `src/typechecker/traverse.lisp`

The type checker has its own AST traversal logic, which is different than the codegen one. The traversal logic is based on a `traverse-block` struct which contains a giant table of functions that say how every AST node should be transformed.

### Type checking

Type checking relies mainly on:

- substitution via `apply-substitution`, defined in `src/typechecker/substitutions.lisp` and `src/typechecker/expression.lisp`
- unification via `mgu` and `unify`, defined in `src/typechecker/unify.lisp`
- inference via `infer-expression-type`, defined in `src/typechecker/define.lisp`

There are other modules to handle more specific things, but the bulk of the "type calculus" is defined above.

### Environment

File: `src/typechecker/environment.lisp`

Information about all of the discovered types and the like are defined in this file. The `environment` structure contains everything.

## Code generation phase

> Code generation is responsible for both optimization and code generation. It contains:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code generation is responsible for both optimization and code generation. The steps for optimization are contained in:
```
